README.md, before:

# Welcome to Hack Midwest 2023!
<br /><br />


## Getting Started
Ensure you have reviewed the [Rules & FAQ](https://hackmidwest.com/#faq)
1. Clone this repository and rename it to the name of your app or idea
2. Make it **private**
3. Add pr@kcitp.com as a user
4. Populate the Team, App & Challenges info below and update as needed

<br /><br />

## Who's on your team?
*List the full names,  email address & Github username of your teammates*

1. Mohammed Mukarram  || mohammed.mukarram@okstate.edu || mohdm2611
2. Zachary Day || zday9@wgu.edu || zrday88
3. Adam Khan || akhan5280@gmail.com || akhan5280
4. Nikhil Singla || nikhil@ku.edu || Nikhil-Singla
5. Lulu Cao || caolulu000@gmail.com || lulu-cao

<br /><br />


## What is the name of your App?
HurricAIne

<br /><br />

## What does your app do?
HurricAIne provides timely, easily accessible Natural Disaster information for people who desperately need it. The application also includes a knowledge library to assist with natural disaster readiness so that if disaster strikes, people can be prepared. 

<br /><br />


## What challenges are you building for? SELECT ALL THAT APPLY
*See hackmidwest.com/#prizes for challenge details*
- [ ]  Pinata Web3 Challenge
- [ ]  Pinata Challenge
- [ ]  Pinata ERC-6551 Challenge
- [ ]  Okta Challenge
- [X]  GEHA Generative AI Emergency Response Challenge
- [ ]  Corporate Challenge (only for official company teams)
- [ ]  College Challenge (only for teams of up to 5 CS students from the same school)

<br /><br />

Commit message:

[DOC] Sanitizing repo and adding details for public

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Hack Midwest 2023! This is the repo for Hurric-AI-ne project!
<br /><br />
## Getting Started
Ensure you have reviewed the [Rules & FAQ](https://hackmidwest.com/#faq)
1. Clone this repository and rename it to the name of your app or idea
2. Make it **private**
3. Add pr@kcitp.com as a user
4. Populate the Team, App & Challenges info below and update as needed

<br /><br />

## Who's on your team?
*List the full names,  email address & Github username of your teammates*

1. Nikhil Singla || Nikhil-Singla
2. Mohammed Mukarram  || mohdm2611
3. Zachary Day || zrday88
4. Adam Khan || akhan5280
5. Lulu Cao || lulu-cao

<br /><br />

## What is the name of your App?
Hurric-AI-ne

<br /><br />

## What does your app do?
HurricAIne provides timely, easily accessible Natural Disaster information for people who desperately need it. The application also includes a knowledge library to assist with natural disaster readiness so that if disaster strikes, people can be prepared, while providing real time solutions to any unexpected problems that may arise by using a large language model that has been adapted to assist in an emergency.
<br /><br />

## What challenges are you building for? SELECT ALL THAT APPLY
*See hackmidwest.com/#prizes for challenge details*
- [ ]  Pinata Web3 Challenge
- [ ]  Pinata Challenge
- [ ]  Pinata ERC-6551 Challenge
- [ ]  Okta Challenge
- [X]  GEHA Generative AI Emergency Response Challenge
- [ ]  Corporate Challenge (only for official company teams)
- [ ]  College Challenge (only for teams of up to 5 CS students from the same school)

<br /><br />
